There's a few things that I feel that a person should know about themselves
proud to lead a team or even when leading a team. And that one
is to know who they are, two to know where they're from. And three,
um, how to empathize that 1st 1 Knowing who you are, sailors of smart
people. We pick up on a lot of things. We observe and watch a lot.
So if you're if you dodge herself, you aren't shoe sure about yourself
as a person, and that makes me believe that you aren't fit to lead
me into any situation, to know where you're from. I like to believe
that a person's family and their friends and their background pays
a lot of big, far into their leadership and who they are as a person.
So I'd liketo think that I conduct myself in a manner that my grandmother
or my mother, my dad and my grandfather would approval if
he saw me interacting with and leading a team being able to advertise.
I think that's just a part of, you know, just daily living in interacting
with each other